Add SB3 blogpost (#212)
huggingface/blog: sb3.md

---
title: 'Welcome Stable-baselines3 to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗'

> thumbnail: /blog/assets/47_sb3/thumbnail.png

Reviewer: @gary149 might have a good idea for a thumbnail improvement

---

<h1>
    Welcome Stable-baselines3 to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗
</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published January 21, 2022.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/sb3.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="/ThomasSimonini"> 
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1632748593235-60cae820b1c79a3e4b436664.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">

>             <code>simoninithomas</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <code>ThomasSimonini</code>
```

            <span class="fullname">Thomas Simonini</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> At Hugging Face, we work on building an ecosystem for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts. That’s why we’re happy to announce that we integrated [Stable-Baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3) to the 🤗 Hub.

Reviewer: We avoid using emoji for Hugging Face Hub for accessibility
```suggestion
At Hugging Face, we work on building an ecosystem for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts. That’s why we’re happy to announce that we integrated [Stable-Baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3) to the Hugging Face Hub.
```

Author: ✅

[Stable-Baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3) is one of the most popular PyTorch Deep Reinforcement Learning library that makes it easy to train and test your agents in a variety of environments (Gym, Atari, MuJoco, Procgen...).
With this integration, you can now host your saved models 💾 and load powerful models from the community.

> And, in this article, we’re going to show you how you can do it. But, if you want to dive deeper, we wrote a tutorial where you’ll learn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we’re going to show how you can do it. But, if you want to dive deeper, we wrote a tutorial where you’ll learn:
```

> - How to train a Deep Reinforcement Learning lander agent to land correctly on the Moon 🌕 and upload it to the 🤗 Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to train a Deep Reinforcement Learning lander agent to land correctly on the Moon 🌕 
- How to upload it to the Hub 🚀
```

![gif](assets/47_sb3/lunarlander.gif)

> - How to download a saved model from the hub that plays Space Invaders 👾.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- How to download and use a saved model from the Hub that plays Space Invaders 👾.
```

![gif](assets/47_sb3/spaceinvaders.gif)

> 👉 [The tutorial](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_sb3/blob/main/Stable_Baselines_3_and_Hugging_Face_%F0%9F%A4%97_tutorial.ipynb)

Reviewer: Something that is a bit confusing is if the tutorial and the blog post are the same. Maybe I would not mention the tutorial here and just put it and the end. Alternatively, maybe say "notebook" instead.

### Installation

> To use stable-baselines3 with Hugging Face Hub, you just need to install these 2 libraries:

Reviewer: After one mention of HF Hub, you can assume reader knows you're talking about HF, so no need to say it.

```suggestion
To use stable-baselines3 with Hub, you just need to install these 2 libraries:
```

```bash

> # Using spacy.load().

Reviewer: nit: remove

> pip install huggingface_hub
> pip install huggingface_sb3

Reviewer: This has same effect

```suggestion
pip install huggingface_hub huggingface_sb3
```

```

### Finding Models

We’re currently uploading saved models of agents playing Space Invaders, Breakout, LunarLander and more. On top of this, you can find [all stable-baselines-3 models from the community here](https://huggingface.co/models?other=stable-baselines3)

> When you found the model you need, you just have to copy the repo_id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you found the model you need, you just have to copy the repository id:
```

> ![jpg](assets/47_sb3/repo_id.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image showing how to copy a repository id](assets/47_sb3/repo_id.jpg)
```

Author: My bad I didn't think [ ] acts like a alt attribute.

### Download a model from the Hub

> The coolest feature of this integration is that you can now very easily load a saved model from Hub to Stable-baselines3. 

Reviewer: 🔥

In order to do that you just need to copy the repo-id that contains your saved model and the name of the saved model zip file in the repo.

> For instance`sb3/demo-hf-CartPole-v1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, let's say you want to use the [sb3/demo-hf-CartPole-v1](https://huggingface.co/sb3/demo-hf-CartPole-v1) model.
```

Author: ✅

```python
import gym

from huggingface_sb3 import load_from_hub
from stable_baselines3 import PPO
from stable_baselines3.common.evaluation import evaluate_policy

# Retrieve the model from the hub
## repo_id = id of the model repository from the Hugging Face Hub (repo_id = {organization}/{repo_name})
## filename = name of the model zip file from the repository
checkpoint = load_from_hub(
    repo_id="sb3/demo-hf-CartPole-v1",

>     filename="ppo-CartPole-v1",

Reviewer: Not related to the blog, but I wonder if we could make the zip naming consistent for all models?

Author: It's the zip naming that SB3 team prefers so I'm updating the documentation, colab etc around that

---
title: 'Welcome Stable-baselines3 to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗'
thumbnail: /blog/assets/47_sb3/thumbnail.png
---

<h1>
    Welcome Stable-baselines3 to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗
</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published January 21, 2022.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/sb3.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="/ThomasSimonini"> 
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1632748593235-60cae820b1c79a3e4b436664.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>ThomasSimonini</code>
            <span class="fullname">Thomas Simonini</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> At Hugging Face, we work on building an ecosystem for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts. That’s why we’re happy to announce that we integrated [Stable-Baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3) to the Hugging Face Hub.

Reviewer: WDYT of this? I feel we're contributing to existing ecosystem instead of building one ourselves
```suggestion
At Hugging Face, we are contributing to the ecosystem for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts. That’s why we’re happy to announce that we integrated [Stable-Baselines3](https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3) to the Hugging Face Hub.
```

Author: Sure!

notebook_login()
````
- Else:

`````bash
huggingface-cli login
`````

Then, in this example, we train a PPO agent to play CartPole-v1 and push it to a new repo `ThomasSimonini/demo-hf-CartPole-v1`
`
`````python
from huggingface_sb3 import push_to_hub
from stable_baselines3 import PPO

# Define a PPO model with MLP policy network
model = PPO("MlpPolicy", "CartPole-v1", verbose=1)

# Train it for 10000 timesteps
model.learn(total_timesteps=10_000)

# Save the model
model.save("ppo-CartPole-v1")

# Push this saved model to the hf repo
# If this repo does not exists it will be created
## repo_id = id of the model repository from the Hugging Face Hub (repo_id = {organization}/{repo_name})
## filename: the name of the file == "name" inside model.save("ppo-CartPole-v1")
push_to_hub(
    repo_id="ThomasSimonini/demo-hf-CartPole-v1",
    filename="ppo-CartPole-v1",
    commit_message="Added Cartpole-v1 model trained with PPO",
)
``````
Try it out and share your models with the community!

### What's next?

In the coming weeks and months, we will be extending the ecosystem by:

- Integrating [RL-baselines3-zoo](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo)

> - Uploading [RL-trained-agents models](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-trained-agents/tree/10a9c31e806820d59b20d8b85ca67090338ea912) into the 🤗 Hub: a big collection of pre-trained reinforcement learning agents using stable-baselines3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uploading [RL-trained-agents models](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-trained-agents/tree/master) into the Hub: a big collection of pre-trained Reinforcement Learning agents using stable-baselines3
```

- Integrating other Deep Reinforcement Learning libraries
- Implementing Decision Transformers 🔥
- And more to come 🥳

The best way to keep in touch is to [join our discord server](https://discord.gg/YRAq8fMnUG) to exchange with us and with the community.

### Conclusion

We're excited to see what you're working on with Stable-baselines3 and try your models in the Hub 😍.

> And we would love to hear your feedback 💖. 📧 Feel free to [reach us](mailto:thomas.simonini@huggingface.co)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we would love to hear your feedback 💖. 📧 Feel free to [reach us](mailto:thomas.simonini@huggingface.co).
```
